# Options

start the server: `yarn start`
start the server for mobile testing:

- change the ip address entry in package.json scripts to match the ip of your computer
- `yarn start-host`

tools used:

- react
- redux
- scss
- webpack

notes:

- I started this project from here: https://github.com/jonathan-potter/basic-webpack-2-setup my writeup of this setup is here.

- I shoved a basic redux implementation in to track correct and incorrect answers. This score is persisted using localStorage. I started without redux because this is a very simple app. The rest of the state is just in component state. If this was a serious app, I'd move the rest of the state into redux as well.

- redux-thunk is added, but unused at this time.

- Much of App.jsx could be broken down into smaller components, but I generally think it is best to get functionality working before breaking things down.

Arithmetic Practice App
=======================

For this problem we're building an application to help students practice their basic arithmetic skills. The app presents the user with a random arithmetic equation with one term left blank. The user must fill in the black with the value that solves the equation.

For example, we might present the problem:

    22 x _ = 66

In this case, the solution is 3, because 22 x 3 = 66.

The equations generated by the app must have the following characteristics:

 1. There are always **two terms** on the left-hand-side of the equation, and a *single value* on the right-hand-side.
 2. The operator is **one of** addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division.
 3. **All three values** in the equation must be integers between 0 and 99 (inclusive).
 4. The "blank" can be* any **one** of the three values in the equation.

Upon entering a value, the user is told whether their solution is correct or incorrect. In the even that their solution is incorrect, they are shown the correct answer. In either case, the user can request a new problem when they're ready.

Submitting your Solution
------------------------

Your solution can be a web UI or a command-line utility. When you're done, commit your changes and push them to GitHub on this repository. Be sure to include instructions on how to build and run your code.

Take as much time as you need (within reason) to think about the problem, but budget about 4 hours for the implemention of your solution. After implementing the basic solution, use any extra time you have to flesh out the project along whatever dimensions you think are important. Some areas you can explore:

 * Add additional features like time tracking and scoring, head-to-head competition, or anything else that sounds fun.
 * Add a server-side component with a REST API and persistence. Use any language you like. We use Go.
 * Set up build automation. We use [CircleCI](https://circleci.com).
 * Deploy the app somewhere. We use [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com/).
 * Add authentication. We use [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
 * Surprise us!

These are just examples - no human could do all of these in 4 hours :) We're not looking for anything specific here. We're interested in seeing what you think is important and interesting, and how you prioritize limited resources (in this case, time).
